It's like, you go go completely on a tangent.
That's all I completely feel about gender reveal parties.
Like I don't, I don't.
Understand the point of gender reveal.
So many like absurd gender robot, gender reveal,
party clips on like tic-tac and stuff like that, where I'm just like,
this is just hilarious. Now, did you see the one where it's like, what was it?
It was like, there was like a balloon, like a giant balloon. Like, you know,
maybe like this is the weirdest tangent we've ever done.
Because what I was, what I was thinking was like.
No, it's just going to say, like, there's just like a giant, like six,
seven foot balloon that this guy carries. And he's just like, all right,
I'm going to pop it. And it just explodes into this like colored,
like powder that just completely.
Fills up the backyard. No, cause what.
I'm thinking right is okay.
The point of gender reveal party is to reveal the gender of the baby. Right.
And celebrate that. But like at which point do do,
does like agenda get revealed and the father is just like, oh, it's it's.
It's a girl. Oh, Karen, Karen,
get the guy, go get the coat hanger. We're doing it again. Like what,
what kind of,
what kind of reaction do you expect the father and the mother to have?
You know what I mean, human, most normal people will be like,
whether it's a guy or a girl, the reaction's going to be the same.
I just think that we celebrate too many things.
I think we have enough things to celebrate the.
Hardest to just say, it's a boy.
Like how hard is it? It's like having the kids birthday. Like not enough.
Like I think to me, I legitimately don't understand,
like we have so many things to celebrate. It's exhausting.
Who is planning all this. Like who has this much free time. Honestly,
I barely can like get Christmas plans together. Like who has this?
Is it the woman she's pregnant? Shouldn't you be focused on that? Like I don't.
I know. I.
Wonder if there's like self fulfilling prophecy of why some people working in
retail in America, when a person comes in and being like,
give me all of your blue dye.
I need as much blue dye as possible on my way. Oh. All right.
Another one of these. All right. But yeah, back to attack one tight
[inaudible] on the line. Stop.
Complaining about time on time. It's good.
I just felt like, I just feel like it's like, cause you know,
I think it's of edge, edge, edgy people out there who are just like,
I don't want to admit that attacker type is the best thing right now. Yeah.
I don't want to give it more clout than it deserves. And you know,
you see these God awful takes on Twitter being like, yeah, it was boring.
Dropped it right away. And it's like, who cares?
Just let the people who are enjoying it. enjoy it. Yeah. It's good.
That's the thing it's like, you can have, you can have an opinion about it,
right? Like if you think get, whatever. Don't harass the animators over it.
Yeah.
It's the same thing with like when game of Thrones is like around people. Like,
you know, people just want to be that person. Who's like, yeah.
I don't like game of Thrones. Yeah. Whatever. You're happy about it.
That's lame, bro. I'm not excited about it.
I'm more excited about anything except for my gender reveal party.
One thing I get excited for is my baby's gender like that. You know what I mean?
Like I don't know. Yeah. For some reason, you know,
I mean it does happen in other genres as well, but for some reason who are,
these aren't even know the ads of these creators.
That's what are they finding this? Why, why are they finding the? Just to it up.
Tell them that.
As if like one of the enemies is going to be like, oh, thanks for your feedback.
We'll change it immediately.
They go to the, they go to the annual meeting like yo guys,
you see people don't like it. What the?
Yeah. So like, uh, Mikasa two 76 on Twitter said that we should,
we should just completely change the episode. It just changed studios.
Like what? Director's going to be like RFM. I've got you. I mean,
it kind of sucks that, you know,
in the time where the Japanese industry and the Japanese staff members are
starting to, you know, we want them to open up to,
to open up more to the international community.
This is the they have to deal with for some of like the biggest profile
adaptation. I want to just go out there.
And be like, don't open up. It's not worth it. Don't go. Don't go to school.
I do think, you know,
there's a good amount of the people who are probably sending hate who probably
don't want it to open up to them. I think it's, you know,
it's the same thing with like the idol and like kind of almost like the whole
life fan base a little bit where they're like,
we don't want all our people to interact outside, ruined them.
We don't want the normies. We don't want, we don't. Yeah.
We don't want like the, the.
American corporations getting their fingers in our Japanese, like animate,
you know what I mean? There's a lot of people who are like that, right.
As if they're Japanese, themselves. I mean, they bought at the time,
it does come from a place of, you know, not the Japanese. We like.
Don't talk to me, edit if they were Japanese, but most, if not all of them.
So it's like in.
Your video, when you did the, uh,
the anime studio tour and like the guy who was the director of the studio,
it was like, oh we have foreign fans. Yeah.
I like Kayla genuinely. Yeah.
So the CEO of Clover wars genuinely didn't know that they had, I mean,
a lot of people don't know that.
If he goes on 20, 20 I'm neck, should I tell him to kill himself?
I would be like, no, they don't exist.
Don't they don't honestly like it's embarrassing.
It make you feel better. I mean, if you.
Think about it, it's the same way. It's the same mentality of like, for example,
if we found out that trash status or something had Japanese fans,
you know what I mean? It's just like, oh, there's people in Japan who watch.
We have Russian fonts. I have a Russian dump what's going on.
I get emails every week. I'm like, you guys know you have like a Russian doll.
We never spoke about it. Yeah. We get it.